# C-0021 - Exposed sensitive interfaces

## Frameworks
* MITRE
* AllControls
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Exposing a sensitive interface to the internet poses a security risk. Some popular frameworks were not intended to be exposed to the internet, and therefore don’t require authentication by default. Thus, exposing them to the internet allows unauthenticated access to a sensitive interface which might enable running code or deploying containers in the cluster by a malicious actor. Examples of such interfaces that were seen exploited include Apache NiFi, Kubeflow, Argo Workflows, Weave Scope, and the Kubernetes dashboard. Note, [this control is configurable](#configuration-parameters).
 
## Related resources
CronJob, DaemonSet, Deployment, Job, Pod, ReplicaSet, Service, StatefulSet
 
## What this control tests 
Checking if a service of type nodeport/loadbalancer to one of the known exploited interfaces (Apache NiFi, Kubeflow, Argo Workflows, Weave Scope Kubernetes dashboard) exists. Needs to add user config
 
## Remediation
Consider blocking external interfaces or protect them with appropriate security tools.
 
## Configuration parameters 
 You can adjust the configuration of this control to suit your specific environment. [Read the documentation on configuring controls](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md) to learn more.
 
* [servicesNames](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md#servicesnames):
List of services relating to known software interfaces that should not generally be exposed to the Internet.
 
* [sensitiveInterfaces](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md#sensitiveinterfaces):
List of known software interfaces that should not generally be exposed to the Internet.
 
