# C-0001 - Forbidden Container Registries

## Frameworks
* AllControls
* ArmoBest
 
## Severity
High

## Description of the issue
Running a compromised image in a cluster can compromise the cluster. Attackers who get access to a private registry can plant their own compromised images in the registry. The latter can then be pulled by a user. In addition, users often use untrusted images from public registries (such as Docker Hub) that may be malicious. Building images based on untrusted base images can also lead to similar results. Note, [this control is configurable](#configuration-parameters).
 
## Related resources
CronJob, DaemonSet, Deployment, Job, Pod, ReplicaSet, StatefulSet
 
## What this control tests 
Checking image from pod spec, if the registry of the image is from the list of blocked registries we raise an alert.
 
## Remediation
Limit the registries from which you pull container images from
 
## Configuration parameters 
 You can adjust the configuration of this control to suit your specific environment. [Read the documentation on configuring controls](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md) to learn more.
 
* [publicRegistries](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md#publicregistries):
Kubescape checks none of these public container registries are in use.
 
* [untrustedRegistries](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md#untrustedregistries):
Kubescape checks none of these user-provided container registries are in use.
 
## Example
```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: privileged
spec:
  containers:
    - name: pause
      image: k8s.gcr.io/pause # This is the line we check against the configured allowed registries 
```
