# C-0012 - Applications credentials in configuration files

## Frameworks
* MITRE
* NSA
* ClusterScan
* AllControls
* ArmoBest
* WorkloadScan
 
## Severity
High

## Description of the issue
Developers store secrets in the Kubernetes configuration files, such as environment variables in the pod configuration. Such behavior is commonly seen in clusters that are monitored by Azure Security Center. Attackers who have access to those configurations, by querying the API server or by accessing those files on the developer’s endpoint, can steal the stored secrets and use them. Note, [this control is configurable](#configuration-parameters).
 
## Related resources
ConfigMap, CronJob, DaemonSet, Deployment, Job, Pod, ReplicaSet, StatefulSet
 
## What this control tests 
Check if the pod has sensitive information in environment variables, by using list of known sensitive key names. Check if there are configmaps with sensitive information.
 
## Remediation
Use Kubernetes secrets or Key Management Systems to store credentials.
 
## Configuration parameters 
 You can adjust the configuration of this control to suit your specific environment. [Read the documentation on configuring controls](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md) to learn more.
 
* [sensitiveValues](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md#sensitivevalues):
Strings that identify a value that Kubescape believes should be stored in a Secret, and not in a ConfigMap or an environment variable.
 
* [sensitiveKeyNames](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md#sensitivekeynames):
Key names that identify a potential value that should be stored in a Secret, and not in a ConfigMap or an environment variable.
 
* [sensitiveValuesAllowed](../frameworks-and-controls/configuring-controls.md#sensitivevaluesallowed):
Explicitly allowed values, which will override sensitiveValues.
 
