# C-0164 - If proxy kubeconfig file exists ensure permissions are set to 600 or more restrictive

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
The `kube-proxy` kubeconfig file controls various parameters of the `kube-proxy` service in the worker node. You should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be writable by only the administrators on the system.

 It is possible to run `kube-proxy` with the kubeconfig parameters configured as a Kubernetes ConfigMap instead of a file. In this case, there is no proxy kubeconfig file.
 
## What this control tests 
If `kube-proxy` is running, and if it is using a file-based kubeconfig file, ensure that the proxy kubeconfig file has permissions of `600` or more restrictive.
 
## How to check it manually 
Find the kubeconfig file being used by `kube-proxy` by running the following command:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kube-proxy

```
 If `kube-proxy` is running, get the kubeconfig file location from the `--kubeconfig` parameter.

 To perform the audit:

 Run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node. For example,

 
```
stat -c %a <path><filename>

```
 Verify that a file is specified and it exists with permissions are `600` or more restrictive.
 
## Remediation
Run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node. For example,

 
```
chmod 600 <proxy kubeconfig file>

```
 
### Default Value
By default, proxy file has permissions of `640`.
 
