# C-0176 - Ensure that the --streaming-connection-idle-timeout argument is not set to 0

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Low

## Description of the issue
Setting idle timeouts ensures that you are protected against Denial-of-Service attacks, inactive connections and running out of ephemeral ports.

 **Note:** By default, `--streaming-connection-idle-timeout` is set to 4 hours which might be too high for your environment. Setting this as appropriate would additionally ensure that such streaming connections are timed out after serving legitimate use cases.
 
## What this control tests 
Do not disable timeouts on streaming connections.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 Verify that the `--streaming-connection-idle-timeout` argument is not set to `0`.

 If the argument is not present, and there is a Kubelet config file specified by `--config`, check that it does not set `streamingConnectionIdleTimeout` to 0.
 
## Remediation
If using a Kubelet config file, edit the file to set `streamingConnectionIdleTimeout` to a value other than 0.

 If using command line arguments, edit the kubelet service file `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on each worker node and set the below parameter in `KUBELET_SYSTEM_PODS_ARGS` variable.

 
```
--streaming-connection-idle-timeout=5m

```
 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Impact Statement
Long-lived connections could be interrupted.
 
### Default Value
By default, `--streaming-connection-idle-timeout` is set to 4 hours.
 
