# C-0184 - Ensure that the Kubelet only makes use of Strong Cryptographic Ciphers

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
TLS ciphers have had a number of known vulnerabilities and weaknesses, which can reduce the protection provided by them. By default Kubernetes supports a number of TLS ciphersuites including some that have security concerns, weakening the protection provided.
 
## What this control tests 
Ensure that the Kubelet is configured to only use strong cryptographic ciphers.
 
## How to check it manually 
The set of cryptographic ciphers currently considered secure is the following:

 * `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`
* `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`
* `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305`
* `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`
* `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305`
* `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`
* `TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`

 Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 If the `--tls-cipher-suites` argument is present, ensure it only contains values included in this set.

 If it is not present check that there is a Kubelet config file specified by `--config`, and that file sets `TLSCipherSuites:` to only include values from this set.
 
## Remediation
If using a Kubelet config file, edit the file to set `TLSCipherSuites:` to `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256` or to a subset of these values.

 If using executable arguments, edit the kubelet service file `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on each worker node and set the `--tls-cipher-suites` parameter as follows, or to a subset of these values.

 
```
 --tls-cipher-suites=TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256

```
 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Impact Statement
Kubelet clients that cannot support modern cryptographic ciphers will not be able to make connections to the Kubelet API.
 
### Default Value
By default the Kubernetes API server supports a wide range of TLS ciphers
 
