# C-0183 - Verify that the RotateKubeletServerCertificate argument is set to true

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
`RotateKubeletServerCertificate` causes the kubelet to both request a serving certificate after bootstrapping its client credentials and rotate the certificate as its existing credentials expire. This automated periodic rotation ensures that the there are no downtimes due to expired certificates and thus addressing availability in the CIA security triad.

 Note: This recommendation only applies if you let kubelets get their certificates from the API server. In case your kubelet certificates come from an outside authority/tool (e.g. Vault) then you need to take care of rotation yourself.
 
## What this control tests 
Enable kubelet server certificate rotation.
 
## How to check it manually 
Ignore this check if serverTLSBootstrap is true in the kubelet config file or if the --rotate-server-certificates parameter is set on kubelet

 Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 Verify that `RotateKubeletServerCertificate` argument exists and is set to `true`.
 
## Remediation
Edit the kubelet service file `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on each worker node and set the below parameter in `KUBELET_CERTIFICATE_ARGS` variable.

 
```
--feature-gates=RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true

```
 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Default Value
By default, kubelet server certificate rotation is enabled.
 
