# C-0121 - Ensure that the admission control plugin EventRateLimit is set

## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Using `EventRateLimit` admission control enforces a limit on the number of events that the API Server will accept in a given time slice. A misbehaving workload could overwhelm and DoS the API Server, making it unavailable. This particularly applies to a multi-tenant cluster, where there might be a small percentage of misbehaving tenants which could have a significant impact on the performance of the cluster overall. Hence, it is recommended to limit the rate of events that the API server will accept.

 Note: This is an Alpha feature in the Kubernetes 1.15 release.
 
## Related resources
Pod
 
## What this control tests 
Limit the rate at which the API server accepts requests.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on the Control Plane node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver

```
 Verify that the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument is set to a value that includes `EventRateLimit`.
 
## Remediation
Follow the Kubernetes documentation and set the desired limits in a configuration file.

 Then, edit the API server pod specification file `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml` and set the below parameters.

 
```
--enable-admission-plugins=...,EventRateLimit,...
--admission-control-config-file=<path/to/configuration/file>

```
 
### Impact Statement
You need to carefully tune in limits as per your environment.
 
### Default Value
By default, `EventRateLimit` is not set.
 
