# C-0198 - Minimize the admission of root containers

## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Containers may run as any Linux user. Containers which run as the root user, whilst constrained by Container Runtime security features still have a escalated likelihood of container breakout.

 Ideally, all containers should run as a defined non-UID 0 user.

 There should be at least one admission control policy defined which does not permit root containers.

 If you need to run root containers, this should be defined in a separate policy and you should carefully check to ensure that only limited service accounts and users are given permission to use that policy.
 
## Related resources
MutatingWebhookConfiguration, Namespace, ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
 
## What this control tests 
Do not generally permit containers to be run as the root user.
 
## How to check it manually 
List the policies in use for each namespace in the cluster, ensure that each policy restricts the use of root containers by setting `MustRunAsNonRoot` or `MustRunAs` with the range of UIDs not including 0.
 
## Remediation
Create a policy for each namespace in the cluster, ensuring that either `MustRunAsNonRoot` or `MustRunAs` with the range of UIDs not including 0, is set.
 
### Impact Statement
Pods with containers which run as the root user will not be permitted.
 
### Default Value
By default, there are no restrictions on the use of root containers and if a User is not specified in the image, the container will run as root.
 
