# C-0177 - Ensure that the --protect-kernel-defaults argument is set to true

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Low

## Description of the issue
Kernel parameters are usually tuned and hardened by the system administrators before putting the systems into production. These parameters protect the kernel and the system. Your kubelet kernel defaults that rely on such parameters should be appropriately set to match the desired secured system state. Ignoring this could potentially lead to running pods with undesired kernel behavior.
 
## What this control tests 
Protect tuned kernel parameters from overriding kubelet default kernel parameter values.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 Verify that the `--protect-kernel-defaults` argument is set to `true`.

 If the `--protect-kernel-defaults` argument is not present, check that there is a Kubelet config file specified by `--config`, and that the file sets `protectKernelDefaults` to `true`.
 
## Remediation
If using a Kubelet config file, edit the file to set `protectKernelDefaults: true`.

 If using command line arguments, edit the kubelet service file `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on each worker node and set the below parameter in `KUBELET_SYSTEM_PODS_ARGS` variable.

 
```
--protect-kernel-defaults=true

```
 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Impact Statement
You would have to re-tune kernel parameters to match kubelet parameters.
 
### Default Value
By default, `--protect-kernel-defaults` is not set.
 
