# C-0191 - Limit use of the Bind, Impersonate and Escalate permissions in the Kubernetes cluster

## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
The impersonate privilege allows a subject to impersonate other users gaining their rights to the cluster. The bind privilege allows the subject to add a binding to a cluster role or role which escalates their effective permissions in the cluster. The escalate privilege allows a subject to modify cluster roles to which they are bound, increasing their rights to that level.

 Each of these permissions has the potential to allow for privilege escalation to cluster-admin level.
 
## Related resources
ClusterRole, ClusterRoleBinding, Role, RoleBinding
 
## What this control tests 
Cluster roles and roles with the impersonate, bind or escalate permissions should not be granted unless strictly required. Each of these permissions allow a particular subject to escalate their privileges beyond those explicitly granted by cluster administrators
 
## How to check it manually 
Review the users who have access to cluster roles or roles which provide the impersonate, bind or escalate privileges.
 
## Remediation
Where possible, remove the impersonate, bind and escalate rights from subjects.
 
### Impact Statement
There are some cases where these permissions are required for cluster service operation, and care should be taken before removing these permissions from system service accounts.
 
### Default Value
In a default kubeadm cluster, the system:masters group and clusterrole-aggregation-controller service account have access to the escalate privilege. The system:masters group also has access to bind and impersonate.
 
