# C-0158 - Ensure that the --peer-auto-tls argument is not set to true

## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
etcd is a highly-available key value store used by Kubernetes deployments for persistent storage of all of its REST API objects. These objects are sensitive in nature and should be accessible only by authenticated etcd peers in the etcd cluster. Hence, do not use self-signed certificates for authentication.
 
## Related resources
Pod
 
## What this control tests 
Do not use automatically generated self-signed certificates for TLS connections between peers.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on the etcd server node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep etcd

```
 Verify that if the `--peer-auto-tls` argument exists, it is not set to `true`.
**Note:** This recommendation is applicable only for etcd clusters. If you are using only one etcd server in your environment then this recommendation is not applicable.
 
## Remediation
Edit the etcd pod specification file `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/etcd.yaml` on the master node and either remove the `--peer-auto-tls` parameter or set it to `false`.

 
```
--peer-auto-tls=false

```
 
### Impact Statement
All peers attempting to communicate with the etcd server will require a valid client certificate for authentication.
 
### Default Value
**Note:** This recommendation is applicable only for etcd clusters. If you are using only one etcd server in your environment then this recommendation is not applicable.

 By default, `--peer-auto-tls` argument is set to `false`.
 
