# C-0199 - Minimize the admission of containers with the NET_RAW capability

## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Containers run with a default set of capabilities as assigned by the Container Runtime. By default this can include potentially dangerous capabilities. With Docker as the container runtime the NET\_RAW capability is enabled which may be misused by malicious containers.

 Ideally, all containers should drop this capability.

 There should be at least one admission control policy defined which does not permit containers with the NET\_RAW capability.

 If you need to run containers with this capability, this should be defined in a separate policy and you should carefully check to ensure that only limited service accounts and users are given permission to use that policy.
 
## Related resources
MutatingWebhookConfiguration, Namespace, ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
 
## What this control tests 
Do not generally permit containers with the potentially dangerous NET\_RAW capability.
 
## How to check it manually 
List the policies in use for each namespace in the cluster, ensure that at least one policy disallows the admission of containers with the `NET_RAW` capability.
 
## Remediation
Add policies to each namespace in the cluster which has user workloads to restrict the admission of containers with the `NET_RAW` capability.
 
### Impact Statement
Pods with containers which run with the NET\_RAW capability will not be permitted.
 
### Default Value
By default, there are no restrictions on the creation of containers with the `NET_RAW` capability.
 
