# C-0174 - Ensure that the --client-ca-file argument is set as appropriate

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
The connections from the apiserver to the kubelet are used for fetching logs for pods, attaching (through kubectl) to running pods, and using the kubelet’s port-forwarding functionality. These connections terminate at the kubelet’s HTTPS endpoint. By default, the apiserver does not verify the kubelet’s serving certificate, which makes the connection subject to man-in-the-middle attacks, and unsafe to run over untrusted and/or public networks. Enabling Kubelet certificate authentication ensures that the apiserver could authenticate the Kubelet before submitting any requests.
 
## What this control tests 
Enable Kubelet authentication using certificates.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 Verify that the `--client-ca-file` argument exists and is set to the location of the client certificate authority file.

 If the `--client-ca-file` argument is not present, check that there is a Kubelet config file specified by `--config`, and that the file sets `authentication: x509: clientCAFile` to the location of the client certificate authority file.
 
## Remediation
If using a Kubelet config file, edit the file to set `authentication: x509: clientCAFile` to the location of the client CA file.

 If using command line arguments, edit the kubelet service file `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on each worker node and set the below parameter in `KUBELET_AUTHZ_ARGS` variable.

 
```
--client-ca-file=<path/to/client-ca-file>

```
 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Impact Statement
You require TLS to be configured on apiserver as well as kubelets.
 
### Default Value
By default, `--client-ca-file` argument is not set.
 
