# C-0173 - Ensure that the --authorization-mode argument is not set to AlwaysAllow

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Kubelets, by default, allow all authenticated requests (even anonymous ones) without needing explicit authorization checks from the apiserver. You should restrict this behavior and only allow explicitly authorized requests.
 
## What this control tests 
Do not allow all requests. Enable explicit authorization.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 If the `--authorization-mode` argument is present check that it is not set to `AlwaysAllow`. If it is not present check that there is a Kubelet config file specified by `--config`, and that file sets `authorization: mode` to something other than `AlwaysAllow`.

 It is also possible to review the running configuration of a Kubelet via the `/configz` endpoint on the Kubelet API port (typically `10250/TCP`). Accessing these with appropriate credentials will provide details of the Kubelet's configuration.
 
## Remediation
If using a Kubelet config file, edit the file to set `authorization: mode` to `Webhook`.

 If using executable arguments, edit the kubelet service file `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on each worker node and set the below parameter in `KUBELET_AUTHZ_ARGS` variable.

 
```
--authorization-mode=Webhook

```
 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Impact Statement
Unauthorized requests will be denied.
 
### Default Value
By default, `--authorization-mode` argument is set to `AlwaysAllow`.
 
