# C-0178 - Ensure that the --make-iptables-util-chains argument is set to true

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Low

## Description of the issue
Kubelets can automatically manage the required changes to iptables based on how you choose your networking options for the pods. It is recommended to let kubelets manage the changes to iptables. This ensures that the iptables configuration remains in sync with pods networking configuration. Manually configuring iptables with dynamic pod network configuration changes might hamper the communication between pods/containers and to the outside world. You might have iptables rules too restrictive or too open.
 
## What this control tests 
Allow Kubelet to manage iptables.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 Verify that if the `--make-iptables-util-chains` argument exists then it is set to `true`.

 If the `--make-iptables-util-chains` argument does not exist, and there is a Kubelet config file specified by `--config`, verify that the file does not set `makeIPTablesUtilChains` to `false`.
 
## Remediation
If using a Kubelet config file, edit the file to set `makeIPTablesUtilChains: true`.

 If using command line arguments, edit the kubelet service file `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on each worker node and remove the `--make-iptables-util-chains` argument from the `KUBELET_SYSTEM_PODS_ARGS` variable.

 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Impact Statement
Kubelet would manage the iptables on the system and keep it in sync. If you are using any other iptables management solution, then there might be some conflicts.
 
### Default Value
By default, `--make-iptables-util-chains` argument is set to `true`.
 
