# C-0179 - Ensure that the --hostname-override argument is not set

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Low

## Description of the issue
Overriding hostnames could potentially break TLS setup between the kubelet and the apiserver. Additionally, with overridden hostnames, it becomes increasingly difficult to associate logs with a particular node and process them for security analytics. Hence, you should setup your kubelet nodes with resolvable FQDNs and avoid overriding the hostnames with IPs.
 
## What this control tests 
Do not override node hostnames.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on each node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 Verify that `--hostname-override` argument does not exist.

 **Note** This setting is not configurable via the Kubelet config file.
 
## Remediation
Edit the kubelet service file `/etc/systemd/system/kubelet.service.d/10-kubeadm.conf` on each worker node and remove the `--hostname-override` argument from the `KUBELET_SYSTEM_PODS_ARGS` variable.

 Based on your system, restart the `kubelet` service. For example:

 
```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl restart kubelet.service

```
 
### Impact Statement
Some cloud providers may require this flag to ensure that hostname matches names issued by the cloud provider. In these environments, this recommendation should not apply.
 
### Default Value
By default, `--hostname-override` argument is not set.
 
