# C-0117 - Ensure that the API Server --kubelet-certificate-authority argument is set as appropriate

## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
High

## Description of the issue
The connections from the apiserver to the kubelet are used for fetching logs for pods, attaching (through kubectl) to running pods, and using the kubelet’s port-forwarding functionality. These connections terminate at the kubelet’s HTTPS endpoint. By default, the apiserver does not verify the kubelet’s serving certificate, which makes the connection subject to man-in-the-middle attacks, and unsafe to run over untrusted and/or public networks.
 
## Related resources
Pod
 
## What this control tests 
Verify kubelet's certificate before establishing connection.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the following command on the Control Plane node:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver

```
 Verify that the `--kubelet-certificate-authority` argument exists and is set as appropriate.
 
## Remediation
Follow the Kubernetes documentation and setup the TLS connection between the apiserver and kubelets. Then, edit the API server pod specification file `/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml` on the Control Plane node and set the `--kubelet-certificate-authority` parameter to the path to the cert file for the certificate authority.

 
```
--kubelet-certificate-authority=<ca-string>

```
 
### Impact Statement
You require TLS to be configured on apiserver as well as kubelets.
 
### Default Value
By default, `--kubelet-certificate-authority` argument is not set.
 
