# C-0202 - Minimize the admission of Windows HostProcess Containers

## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
High

## Description of the issue
A Windows container making use of the `hostProcess` flag can interact with the underlying Windows cluster node. As per the Kubernetes documentation, this provides "privileged access" to the Windows node.

 Where Windows containers are used inside a Kubernetes cluster, there should be at least one admission control policy which does not permit `hostProcess` Windows containers.

 If you need to run Windows containers which require `hostProcess`, this should be defined in a separate policy and you should carefully check to ensure that only limited service accounts and users are given permission to use that policy.
 
## Related resources
MutatingWebhookConfiguration, Namespace, ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
 
## What this control tests 
Do not generally permit Windows containers to be run with the `hostProcess` flag set to true.
 
## How to check it manually 
List the policies in use for each namespace in the cluster, ensure that each policy disallows the admission of `hostProcess` containers
 
## Remediation
Add policies to each namespace in the cluster which has user workloads to restrict the admission of `hostProcess` containers.
 
### Impact Statement
Pods defined with `securityContext.windowsOptions.hostProcess: true` will not be permitted unless they are run under a specific policy.
 
### Default Value
By default, there are no restrictions on the creation of `hostProcess` containers.
 
