# C-0209 - Create administrative boundaries between resources using namespaces

## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Limiting the scope of user permissions can reduce the impact of mistakes or malicious activities. A Kubernetes namespace allows you to partition created resources into logically named groups. Resources created in one namespace can be hidden from other namespaces. By default, each resource created by a user in Kubernetes cluster runs in a default namespace, called `default`. You can create additional namespaces and attach resources and users to them. You can use Kubernetes Authorization plugins to create policies that segregate access to namespace resources between different users.
 
## Related resources
Namespace
 
## What this control tests 
Lists all namespaces in cluster for user to review
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the below command and review the namespaces created in the cluster.

 
```
kubectl get namespaces

```
 Ensure that these namespaces are the ones you need and are adequately administered as per your requirements.
 
## Remediation
Follow the documentation and create namespaces for objects in your deployment as you need them.
 
### Impact Statement
You need to switch between namespaces for administration.
 
### Default Value
By default, Kubernetes starts with two initial namespaces: 1. `default` - The default namespace for objects with no other namespace2. `kube-system` - The namespace for objects created by the Kubernetes system3. `kube-node-lease` - Namespace used for node heartbeats4. `kube-public` - Namespace used for public information in a cluster
 
