# C-0235 - Ensure that the kubelet configuration file has permissions set to 644 or more restrictive

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
The kubelet reads various parameters, including security settings, from a config file specified by the `--config` argument. If this file is specified you should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be writable by only the administrators on the system.
 
## What this control tests 
Ensure that if the kubelet refers to a configuration file with the `--config` argument, that file has permissions of 644 or more restrictive.
 
## How to check it manually 
First, SSH to the relevant worker node:

 To check to see if the Kubelet Service is running:

 
```
sudo systemctl status kubelet

```
 The output should return `Active: active (running) since..`

 Run the following command on each node to find the appropriate Kubelet config file:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 The output of the above command should return something similar to `--config /etc/kubernetes/kubelet/kubelet-config.json` which is the location of the Kubelet config file.

 Run the following command:

 
```
stat -c %a /etc/kubernetes/kubelet/kubelet-config.json

```
 The output of the above command is the Kubelet config file's permissions. Verify that the permissions are `644` or more restrictive.
 
## Remediation
Run the following command (using the config file location identified in the Audit step)

 
```
chmod 644 /etc/kubernetes/kubelet/kubelet-config.json

```
 
### Impact Statement
None.
 
### Default Value
See the AWS EKS documentation for the default value.
 
