# C-0211 - Apply Security Context to Your Pods and Containers

## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
* security
 
## Severity
High

## Description of the issue
A security context defines the operating system security settings (uid, gid, capabilities, SELinux role, etc..) applied to a container. When designing your containers and pods, make sure that you configure the security context for your pods, containers, and volumes. A security context is a property defined in the deployment yaml. It controls the security parameters that will be assigned to the pod/container/volume. There are two levels of security context: pod level security context, and container level security context.
 
## Related resources
ControlPlaneInfo, CronJob, DaemonSet, Deployment, Job, Pod, ReplicaSet, StatefulSet
 
## What this control tests 
Check that pod and container security context fields according to recommendations in CIS Security Benchmark for Docker Containers
 
## How to check it manually 
Review the pod definitions in your cluster and verify that you have security contexts defined as appropriate.
 
## Remediation
Follow the Kubernetes documentation and apply security contexts to your pods. For a suggested list of security contexts, you may refer to the CIS Security Benchmark for Docker Containers.
 
### Impact Statement
If you incorrectly apply security contexts, you may have trouble running the pods.
 
### Default Value
By default, no security contexts are automatically applied to pods.
 
