# C-0217 - Minimize the admission of containers with allowPrivilegeEscalation

## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
A container running with the `allowPrivilegeEscalation` flag set to `true` may have processes that can gain more privileges than their parent.

 There should be at least one PodSecurityPolicy (PSP) defined which does not permit containers to allow privilege escalation. The option exists (and is defaulted to true) to permit setuid binaries to run.

 If you have need to run containers which use setuid binaries or require privilege escalation, this should be defined in a separate PSP and you should carefully check RBAC controls to ensure that only limited service accounts and users are given permission to access that PSP.
 
## Related resources
PodSecurityPolicy
 
## What this control tests 
Do not generally permit containers to be run with the `allowPrivilegeEscalation` flag set to true.
 
## How to check it manually 
Get the set of PSPs with the following command:

 
```
kubectl get psp

```
 For each PSP, check whether privileged is enabled:

 
```
kubectl get psp <name> -o=jsonpath='{.spec.allowPrivilegeEscalation}'

```
 Verify that there is at least one PSP which does not return true.
 
## Remediation
Create a PSP as described in the Kubernetes documentation, ensuring that the `.spec.allowPrivilegeEscalation` field is omitted or set to false.
 
### Impact Statement
Pods defined with `spec.allowPrivilegeEscalation: true` will not be permitted unless they are run under a specific PSP.
 
### Default Value
By default, PodSecurityPolicies are not defined.
 
