# C-0223 - Minimize cluster access to read-only for Amazon ECR

## Prerequisites
 *Integrate with cloud provider (see [here](https://hub.armosec.io/docs/kubescape-integration-with-cloud-providers))*
 
## Framework
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
The Cluster Service Account does not require administrative access to Amazon ECR, only requiring pull access to containers to deploy onto Amazon EKS. Restricting permissions follows the principles of least privilege and prevents credentials from being abused beyond the required role.
 
## What this control tests 
Configure the Cluster Service Account with Storage Object Viewer Role to only allow read-only access to Amazon ECR.
 
## How to check it manually 
Review AWS ECS worker node IAM role (NodeInstanceRole) IAM Policy Permissions to verify that they are set and the minimum required level.

 If utilizing a 3rd party tool to scan images utilize the minimum required permission level required to interact with the cluster - generally this should be read-only.
 
## Remediation
You can use your Amazon ECR images with Amazon EKS, but you need to satisfy the following prerequisites.

 The Amazon EKS worker node IAM role (NodeInstanceRole) that you use with your worker nodes must possess the following IAM policy permissions for Amazon ECR.

 
```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ecr:BatchCheckLayerAvailability",
                "ecr:BatchGetImage",
                "ecr:GetDownloadUrlForLayer",
                "ecr:GetAuthorizationToken"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}

```
 
### Impact Statement
A separate dedicated service account may be required for use by build servers and other robot users pushing or managing container images.
 
### Default Value
If you used eksctl or the AWS CloudFormation templates in Getting Started with Amazon EKS to create your cluster and worker node groups, these IAM permissions are applied to your worker node IAM role by default.
 
