# C-0218 - Minimize the admission of root containers

## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Containers may run as any Linux user. Containers which run as the root user, whilst constrained by Container Runtime security features still have a escalated likelihood of container breakout.

 Ideally, all containers should run as a defined non-UID 0 user.

 There should be at least one PodSecurityPolicy (PSP) defined which does not permit root users in a container.

 If you need to run root containers, this should be defined in a separate PSP and you should carefully check RBAC controls to ensure that only limited service accounts and users are given permission to access that PSP.
 
## Related resources
PodSecurityPolicy
 
## What this control tests 
Do not generally permit containers to be run as the root user.
 
## How to check it manually 
Get the set of PSPs with the following command:

 
```
kubectl get psp

```
 For each PSP, check whether running containers as root is enabled:

 
```
kubectl get psp <name> -o=jsonpath='{.spec.runAsUser.rule}'

```
 Verify that there is at least one PSP which returns `MustRunAsNonRoot` or `MustRunAs` with the range of UIDs not including 0.
 
## Remediation
Create a PSP as described in the Kubernetes documentation, ensuring that the `.spec.runAsUser.rule` is set to either `MustRunAsNonRoot` or `MustRunAs` with the range of UIDs not including 0.
 
### Impact Statement
Pods with containers which run as the root user will not be permitted.
 
### Default Value
By default, PodSecurityPolicies are not defined.
 
