# C-0238 - Ensure that the kubeconfig file permissions are set to 644 or more restrictive

## Prerequisites
 *Run Kubescape with host sensor (see [here](https://hub.armo.cloud/docs/host-sensor))*
 
## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
The `kubelet` kubeconfig file controls various parameters of the `kubelet` service in the worker node. You should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be writable by only the administrators on the system.

 It is possible to run `kubelet` with the kubeconfig parameters configured as a Kubernetes ConfigMap instead of a file. In this case, there is no proxy kubeconfig file.
 
## What this control tests 
If kubelet is running, and if it is configured by a kubeconfig file, ensure that the proxy kubeconfig file has permissions of 644 or more restrictive.
 
## How to check it manually 
SSH to the worker nodes

 To check to see if the Kubelet Service is running:

 
```
sudo systemctl status kubelet

```
 The output should return `Active: active (running) since..`

 Run the following command on each node to find the appropriate kubeconfig file:

 
```
ps -ef | grep kubelet

```
 The output of the above command should return something similar to `--kubeconfig /var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig` which is the location of the kubeconfig file.

 Run this command to obtain the kubeconfig file permissions:

 
```
stat -c %a /var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig

```
 The output of the above command gives you the kubeconfig file's permissions.

 Verify that if a file is specified and it exists, the permissions are `644` or more restrictive.
 
## Remediation
Run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker
node. For example,

 
```
chmod 644 <kubeconfig file>

```
 
### Impact Statement
None.
 
### Default Value
See the AWS EKS documentation for the default value.
 
