# C-0203 - Minimize the admission of HostPath volumes

## Framework
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
A container which mounts a `hostPath` volume as part of its specification will have access to the filesystem of the underlying cluster node. The use of `hostPath` volumes may allow containers access to privileged areas of the node filesystem.

 There should be at least one admission control policy defined which does not permit containers to mount `hostPath` volumes.

 If you need to run containers which require `hostPath` volumes, this should be defined in a separate policy and you should carefully check to ensure that only limited service accounts and users are given permission to use that policy.
 
## Related resources
MutatingWebhookConfiguration, Namespace, ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
 
## What this control tests 
Do not generally admit containers which make use of `hostPath` volumes.
 
## How to check it manually 
List the policies in use for each namespace in the cluster, ensure that each policy disallows the admission of containers with `hostPath` volumes.
 
## Remediation
Add policies to each namespace in the cluster which has user workloads to restrict the admission of containers which use `hostPath` volumes.
 
### Impact Statement
Pods defined which make use of `hostPath` volumes will not be permitted unless they are run under a spefific policy.
 
### Default Value
By default, there are no restrictions on the creation of `hostPath` volumes.
 
