# C-0226 - Prefer using a container-optimized OS when possible

## Prerequisites
 *Integrate with cloud provider (see [here](https://hub.armosec.io/docs/kubescape-integration-with-cloud-providers))*
 
## Framework
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
 
## Severity
Low

## Description of the issue
Container-optimized OSes have a smaller footprint which will reduce the instance's potential attack surface. The container runtime is pre-installed and security settings like locked-down firewall is configured by default. Container-optimized images may also be configured to automatically update on a regular period in the background.
 
## Related resources
Node
 
## What this control tests 
A container-optimized OS is an operating system image that is designed for secure managed hosting of containers on compute instances.

 Use cases for container-optimized OSes might include:

 * Docker container or Kubernetes support with minimal setup.
* A small-secure container footprint.
* An OS that is tested, hardened and verified for running Kubernetes nodes in your compute instances.
 
## How to check it manually 
If a container-optimized OS is required examine the nodes in EC2 and click on their AMI to ensure that it is a container-optimized OS like Amazon Bottlerocket; or connect to the worker node and check its OS.
 
### Impact Statement
A container-optimized OS may have limited or no support for package managers, execution of non-containerized applications, or ability to install third-party drivers or kernel modules. Conventional remote access to the host (i.e. ssh) may not be possible, with access and debugging being intended via a management tool.
 
### Default Value
A container-optimized OS is not the default.
 
