# C-0206 - Ensure that all Namespaces have Network Policies defined

## Frameworks
* cis-eks-t1.2.0
* cis-aks-t1.2.0
* cis-v1.23-t1.0.1
 
## Severity
Medium

## Description of the issue
Running different applications on the same Kubernetes cluster creates a risk of one compromised application attacking a neighboring application. Network segmentation is important to ensure that containers can communicate only with those they are supposed to. A network policy is a specification of how selections of pods are allowed to communicate with each other and other network endpoints.

 Network Policies are namespace scoped. When a network policy is introduced to a given namespace, all traffic not allowed by the policy is denied. However, if there are no network policies in a namespace all traffic will be allowed into and out of the pods in that namespace.
 
## Related resources
Namespace, NetworkPolicy
 
## What this control tests 
Check for each namespace if there is a network policy defined.
 
## How to check it manually 
Run the below command and review the `NetworkPolicy` objects created in the cluster.

 
```
kubectl --all-namespaces get networkpolicy

```
 Ensure that each namespace defined in the cluster has at least one Network Policy.
 
## Remediation
Follow the documentation and create `NetworkPolicy` objects as you need them.
 
### Impact Statement
Once network policies are in use within a given namespace, traffic not explicitly allowed by a network policy will be denied. As such it is important to ensure that, when introducing network policies, legitimate traffic is not blocked.
 
### Default Value
By default, network policies are not created.
 
